This is our world now. The world of the electron and the switch; the beauty of the baud. We exist without nationality, skin color, or religious bias. You wage wars, murder, cheat, lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our own good, yet we're the criminals. Yes, I am a criminal. My crime is that of curiosity. I am a hacker, and this is my manifesto. You may stop me, but you can't stop us all.
Monotony collapses time; novelty unfolds it. You can exercise daily and eat healthily and live a long life, while experiencing a short one. If you spend your life sitting in a cubicle and passing papers, one day is bound to blend unmemorably into the next - and disappear. That's why it's so important to change routines regularly, and take vacations to exotic locales, and have as many new experiences as possible that can serve to anchor our memories. Creating new memories stretches out psychological time, and lengthens our perception of our lives.
The treatment of atoms with more than one electron requires consideration of the effects of interelectronic repulsion, orbital penetration towards the nuclear shielding, and an extra quantum number which specifies the intrinsic energy of the electron in any orbital. All these considerations are necessary to allow construction of the modern form of the periodic classification of the elements.
Show me a man or a woman alone and I'll show you a saint. Give me two and they'll fall in love. Give me three and they'll invent the charming thing we call 'society'. Give me four and they'll build a pyramid. Give me five and they'll make one an outcast. Give me six and they'll reinvent prejudice. Give me seven and in seven years they'll reinvent warfare. Man may have been made in the image of God, but human society was made in the image of His opposite number, and is always trying to get back home.
In Japan, heart surgeon. Number one. Steady hand. One day, Yakuza boss need new heart. I do operation. But, mistake! Yakuza boss die. Yakuza very mad. I hide in fishing boat, come to America. No English, no food, no money. Darryl give me job. Now I have house, American car, and new woman. Darryl save life. My big secret: I kill Yakuza boss on purpose. I good surgeon. The best!
Our culture has become hooked on the quick-fix, the life hack, efficiency. Everyone is on the hunt for that simple action algorithm that nets maximum profit with the least amount of effort. There's no denying this attitude may get you some of the trappings of success, if you're lucky, but it will not lead to a calloused mind or self-mastery. If you want to master the mind and remove your governor, you'll have to become addicted to hard work. Because passion and obsession, even talent, are only useful tools if you have the work ethic to back them up.
So now the sadness comes - the revelation. There is a depression after an answer is given. It was almost fun not knowing. Yes, now we know. At least we know what we sought in the beginning. But there is still the question: why? And this question will go on and on until the final answer comes. Then the knowing is so full, there is no room for questions.
You can know the name of a bird in all the languages of the world, but when you're finished, you'll know absolutely nothing whatever about the bird. So let's look at the bird and see what it's doing - that's what counts. I learned very early the difference between knowing the name of something and knowing something.
I nearly lost you on our wedding day. It was early afternoon, and you were leaving from lunch with your best friend when your vehicle careened into an SUV as it turned out in front of you, violently flinging you into the waiting airbag. You were shaken and dazed, but otherwise okay and still determined to get married. When I watched you walking down the aisle, you were glowing. The scrapes and bruises only made you more beautiful.
I see a beautiful city and a brilliant people rising from this abyss, and, in their struggles to be truly free, in their triumphs and defeats, through long years to come, I see the evil of this time and of the previous time of which this is the natural birth, gradually making expiation for itself and wearing out.
All the world used her ill, said this young misanthropist... and we may be pretty certain that persons whom all the world treats ill, deserve entirely the treatment they get. The world is a looking-glass, and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face. Frown at it, and it will in turn look sourly upon you; laugh at it and with it, and it is a jolly kind companion; and so let all young persons take their choice.
The behaviour of the domestic cat, Felis silvestris catus, has many features that set it apart from other common domestic animals, even its fellow carnivore the dog. Cats seem to have effected a unique and successful compromise between reliance on man and the retention of behaviour patterns that permit an independent existence. During the first decade of the 21st century the cat has become the preferred pet of many owners, valued because it combines an affectionate nature with a degree of independence, as well as more prosaic qualities such as cleanliness and convenience.
Hero of Hyrule, chosen by the sword that seals the darkness. You have shown unflinching bravery and skill in the face of darkness and adversity, and have proven yourself worthy of the blessings of the goddess Hylia. Whether skyward bound, adrift in time, or steeped in the glowing embers of twilight, the sacred blade is forever bound to the soul of the hero.
The portly client puffed out his chest with an appearance of some little pride and pulled a dirty and wrinkled newspaper from the inside pocket of his greatcoat. As he glanced down the advertisement column, with his head thrust forward and the paper flattened out upon his knee, I took a good look at the man and endeavored, after the fashion of my companion, to read the indications which might be presented by his dress or appearance.
In the early days of America, when men wore ruffles on their shirts and buckles on their shoes, when they rode horseback and swore allegiance to the king of England, there lived in Boston a man who cared for none of these things. His name was Samuel Adams. His clothes were shabby and plain, he refused to get on a horse and he hated the king of England.
Well, that's their own stupidity, I should have been there. Well, darkness is the absence of light, and the stupidity in that instance was the absence of me... Catherine, I've got students in my office now. Students. Undergrads. I don't know, from the looks of it, they want to sell me a Brooks Brothers franchise.
Anyway, it's best not to think about them, as if you do it makes the discussions with the other lawyers, all their advice and all that they do manage to achieve, seem so unpleasant and useless, I had that experience myself, just wanted to throw everything away and lay at home in bed and hear nothing more about it. But that, of course, would be the stupidest thing you could do, and you wouldn't be left in peace in bed for very long either.
I heard that when things were painful for her, she'd cover her ears with headphones and escape to the world of music. I tried it too. It was like everything was blown away. The vocals screamed for me. They grieved for me. The ones who put on the act of common sense were wrong. Those who cried were right.
It's hard to believe that twenty years ago there were no personal computers. Now it's the third largest industry in the world, somewhere between energy production and illegal drugs, but the most amazing thing of all is that it happened by accident because a bunch of disenfranchised nerds wanted to impress their friends.
We all change, when you think about it. We're all different people all through our lives. And that's okay, that's good, you've got to keep moving, so long as you remember all the people that you used to be. I will not forget one line of this. Not one day. I swear. I will always remember when the Doctor was me.
And what haunts me, is that in all the faces of all the bears that Treadwell ever filmed, I discover no kinship, no understanding, no mercy. I see only the overwhelming indifference of nature. To me, there is no such thing as a secret world of the bears. And this blank stare speaks only of a half-bored interest in food. But for Timothy Treadwell, this bear was a friend, a savior.
Whence all this passion towards conformity anyway? Diversity is the word. Let man keep his many parts and you will have no tyrant states. Why, if they follow this conformity business, they'll end up by forcing me, an invisible man, to become white, which is not a color but the lack of one. Must I strive towards colorlessness? But seriously and without snobbery, think of what the world would lose if that should happen. America is woven of many strands. I would recognize them and let it so remain.
Long ago, two races ruled over Earth: Humans and Monsters. One day, war broke out between the two races. After a long battle, the humans were victorious. They sealed the monsters underground with a magic spell. Many years later... Mt. Ebott, 201X. Legends say that those who climb the mountain never return.
Written in these walls are the stories that I can't explain. I leave my heart open but it stays right here empty for days. She told me in the morning she don't feel the same about us in her bones. It seems to me that when I die these words will be written on my stone. And I'll be gone, gone tonight. The ground beneath my feet is open wide. The way that I've been holding on too tight. With nothing in between.
Just about any way you can paint a tree, seems like somewhere there's one that looks just about like that. That's the nice thing about doing landscapes. If you paint a portrait of somebody and you put the eyes in the wrong place, chances are they're gonna notice. But if you paint a tree wrong, somebody will come along and say, "Hey, I know that tree. He's an old friend. He lives in my front yard, has for many years." So you can't hardly do him wrong.
It is still early morning as I pass Denver on the I-70 and begin the steep climb up the Front Range. The unexpected mass of the mountains makes me feel I am putting a physical barrier between myself and the shifting spaces that connect me to my previous life as a high school English teacher in a small eastern city.
I'm not superstitious but I am afraid to prune my money tree. It's just that it's the only plant I've ever had that's seemed to actually grow healthily. And though I know wealth is not affected by a plant on my shelf, if I take my chances and my finances coincidentally fail while my money tree dies right before my eyes then my mind will think those things coincided causally. But my tree needs pruning or else it'll grow too wild and if I do it right then I could propagate it, so why've I waited to prune this tree?
He never shut up about you. You'd think he was the only guy in the planet who had a son the way he carried on. One day, he brought you down to the precinct and he introduced you around as a junior detective to every cop in the house. I mean, you just loved that. And then, I remember, at some point you drifted away. Man, did he panic. He had about ten detectives looking for you. We finally found you in the captain's office, wearing his hat. I guess you always had a thing for hats.
Unjust laws exist: shall we be content to obey them, or shall we endeavor to amend them, and obey them until we have succeeded, or shall we transgress them at once? Men, generally, under such a government as this, think that they ought to wait until they have persuaded the majority to alter them. They think that, if they should resist, the remedy would be worse than the evil. But it is the fault of the government itself that the remedy is worse than the evil. It makes it worse.
With the arrival of electric technology, man has extended, or set outside himself, a live model of the central nervous system itself. To the degree that this is so, it is a development that suggests a desperate suicidal autoamputation, as if the central nervous system could no longer depend on the physical organs to be protective buffers against the slings and arrows of outrageous mechanism.
Outdoor privies and cesspools must be carefully attended to. The latter can be easily covered so no flies can get in and if the filthy and in every way dangerous pit under the privy be filled and the dry-earth closet substituted, one of the greatest sources of danger, especially in the country and in towns with inadequate sewerage facilities, will be done away with. After these things are done there remain only the garbage cans and the rubbish heaps to look after.
There are moments that define a person's whole life. Moments in which everything they are and everything they may possibly become balance on a single decision. Life and death, hope and despair, victory and failure teeter precariously on the decision made at that moment. These are moments ungoverned by happenstance, untroubled by luck. These are the moments in which a person earns the right to live, or not.
We call ourselves Runners. We exist on the edge between the gloss and the reality: the mirror's edge. We keep out of trouble, out of sight, and the cops don't bother us. Runners see the city in a different way. We see the flow. Rooftops become pathways and conduits, possibilities and routes of escape. The flow is what keeps us running, keeps us alive.
A notereader is not yet a court reporter, but knows enough general steno theory to be able to read the character-based, paper-tape output of a stenotype machine, translate it to English, and then type it up as an official transcript. This subcontracted job resulted directly from the diffusion of the stenotype, as use of the stenotype affords a standardization of notes not possible with any manual system, permitting others to read the notes and transcribe directly from them.
Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you. Keep pushing until the checkered flag falls. How many times have you seen the leader of a race have a mechanical problem with only a few laps to go? You will never be able to take advantage of their problems if you are not close. You have to be close to take advantage of luck.
The Threads of Fate are not puppet strings. They connect life to destiny. You are fate-touched, able to see and bend the threads around you. Understand the wholeness of what you serve, champion. All the living share one experience: death. Your mother, your sister, even you. We must safeguard that beautiful moment when the soul transitions to a new purpose.
He strolled to the counter where another cup of my favourite coffee - a frothy cappuccino - was placed. Kabir set it in the front of me, smiling gently. I am sure, one day, I will be here, pouring coffee and fetching people their orders, as I listen to you up there. The place is going to be packed; you will see. He smiled at the thought and I wondered for a moment if this was my dream or his. Of course, as friends, even our dreams would work in unison, wouldn't they?
I rejected those answers; instead, I chose something different. I chose the impossible. I chose Rapture, a city where the artist would not fear the censor. Where the scientist would not be bound by petty morality. Where the great would not be constrained by the small! And with the sweat of your brow, Rapture can become your city as well.
Translating from one language to another, unless it is from Greek and Latin, the queens of all languages, is like looking at Flemish tapestries from the wrong side, for although the figures are visible, they are covered by threads that obscure them, and cannot be seen with the smoothness and color of the right side.
I miss your tan skin, your sweet smile, so good to me so right. And how you held me in your arms that September night, the first time you ever saw me cry. Maybe this is wishful thinking, probably mindless dreaming. And if we loved again, I swear I'd love you right. I'd go back in time and change it, but I can't.
When you get a virus, you get a fever. That's the human body raising its core temperature to kill the virus. Planet Earth works the same way. Global warming is the fever, mankind is the virus. We're making our planet sick. A cull is our only hope. If we don't reduce our population ourselves, there's only one of two ways this can go. The host kills the virus, or the virus kills the host.
Who, if I cried out, would hear me among the angels' hierarchies? And even if one of them pressed me suddenly against his heart: I would be consumed in that overwhelming existence. For beauty is nothing but the beginning of terror, which we still are just able to endure, and we are so awed because it serenely disdains to annihilate us.
Such a person must be careful, he must be aware of the limitations of his knowledge, he must acknowledge his personal prejudices because he is being asked to speak for a whole realm of thought, he must be aware of the huge possible consequences of what he says and writes and does. He has become, in a sense, public property because he represents something large to the public. He has become an idea himself, a human striving. He has enormous power to influence and change, and he must wield that power with respect.
I ran my fingers through my long hair and let out a frustrated sigh, looking around at all the people in the small cafe. I think I will know when it is the right story to write. I just haven't come across it yet. I'm still searching for that unique story, the one that will inspire me to take that next step.
If we were to use this statement as a varying symbol by which to rank writers for clearness, we might, I think, get something like the following: Swift, Macaulay, and Shaw would say that Andre was hanged. Bradley would say that he was killed. Bosanquet would say that he died. Kant would say that his mortal existence achieved its termination. Hegel would say that a finite determination of infinity had been further determined by its own negation.
Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky, seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone, nine for Mortal Men doomed to die, one for the Dark Lord on his dark throne in the Land of Mordor, where the Shadows lie. One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them.
My severe injuries had healed and the sweet taste of blood coated my mouth. I kept walking, my goal vague, trying to dispel the building unease in my chest. Upon entering an open area was the scent of rotting flowers and in the middle of the flowerbed, he stood. Without anyone saying a thing, without his name given, like an unsolved puzzle falling into place by itself, just by seeing that figure, I understood exactly who I faced.
We have seen enough. The children of Sol cry out for salvation. You promised them life... but deliver only death. As you have for so many before. Enough. Enough death. Enough life. You have no pieces left to place. The game is over. Do not be afraid. Your pale heart holds the key. This time... there is no escape.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Yet there are those who open many eyes. Eyes are the mirror of the soul, someone has said. So we look closely at the eyes to see the nature of the soul. Sometimes when we see the eyes - those horrible times when we see the eyes, eyes that, that have no soul - then we know a darkness, then we wonder: where is the beauty? There is none if the eyes are soulless.
Mathematics, rightly viewed, possesses not only truth, but supreme beauty - a beauty cold and austere, like that of sculpture, without appeal to any part of our weaker nature, without the gorgeous trappings of painting or music, yet sublimely pure, and capable of a stern perfection such as only the greatest art can show.
I turned back, and perceived a vast opaque body between me and the sun moving forwards towards the island: it seemed to be about two miles high, and hid the sun six or seven minutes; but I did not observe the air to be much colder, or the sky more darkened, than if I had stood under the shade of a mountain.
I want you to cry, cry for me. The way I cried for you baby, cry for me. Make your rain fall cry for me, but again, somehow you keep me goin' round and round. All the walls I built around me come crashing down. Making excuses gotta drown them out. I want you to, I want you to, I want you to cry for me.
Most cities aren't. They want to believe they have a cash-flow problem because it is convenient, because insolvency is too difficult to fathom, especially when everyone else appears to be doing the exact same thing. Could everyone be wrong? Could we all be insolvent? These two questions probably cost me a total of six years in the intellectual wilderness as I clung to the notion that what I was seeing and measuring could not possibly be true, that a wisdom greater than mine had to be at work that I hadn't perceived.
But I had a point here. A lesson, if you will. There are other organizations out there. And, in time, I'm sure they're going to spoon-feed you their own patented form of bull. Ignore the verbage and look at what they're doing. What they're asking you to do. What sort of world they'd have you build and how they're going to pay for it.
But would you kindly ponder this question: What would your good do if evil didn't exist, and what would the earth look like if all the shadows disappeared? After all, shadows are cast by things and people. Here is the shadow of my sword. But shadows also come from trees and living beings. Do you want to strip the earth of all trees and living things just because of your fantasy of enjoying naked light? You're stupid.
The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. [beep] A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start.
It is time. They have reached the second crucial turning point in their destiny. Their message is about to reach millions. But we will change all that. When our mission is successful, no longer will the world be dominated by the legacy of these two fools! No longer will we hear this. We will stop them now! Brothers and sisters, are we ready?
The breath of the morning, I keep forgetting the smell of the warm summer air. I live in a town where you can't smell a thing; you watch your feet for cracks in the pavement. Up above, aliens hover making home movies for the folks back home, of all these weird creatures who lock up their spirits, drill holes in themselves and live for their secrets...
The procedure for dealing with rigid body kinetics problems involves two distinct aspects: tracking the translation of the body's center of mass, where the body is treated as a particle, and tracking the body's rotation, in which you'll utilize the principles of local coordinates and relative angular velocity and acceleration.
I finally figured it out. It's like when they realized it was gonna be too expensive to actually build cyborgs and robots. I mean, the costs of that were impossible. They decided to just let humans turn themselves into robots. That's what's going on right now. I mean, why not? There're billions of us just laying around, not really doing anything. We don't cost anything. We're even pretty good at self-maintenance and reproducing constantly. And as it turns out, we're already biologically programmed for our little cyborg upgrades.
It is a maxim among these lawyers, that whatever hath been done before may legally be done again: and therefore they take special care to record all the decisions formerly made against common justice and the general reason of mankind. These, under the name of precedents, they produce as authorities, to justify the most iniquitous opinions; and the judges never fail of decreeing accordingly.
Atmospheric air is only about 20 percent oxygen, but that oxygen is a key component of the chemical reactions that keep the body alive, including the reactions that produce ATP. Brain cells are especially sensitive to lack of oxygen because of their requirement for a high-and-steady production of ATP. Brain damage is likely within five minutes without oxygen, and death is likely within ten minutes.
Do you know why I survived, professor, the night I got this. Because of her, because she sacrificed herself, because she refused to step aside, because her love was more powerful than Voldemort. I'm not afraid of the name, professor. I'm going to tell you something, something others have only guessed at, it's true, I am the chosen one. Only I can destroy him, but to do so I need to know what Tom Riddle said to you all those years ago in your office, and I need to know what you told him. Be brave, professor, be brave like my mother. Otherwise, you disgrace her, otherwise she died for nothing.
Suddenly I knew that the sound was not in my ears, it was not just inside my head. At that moment I must have become quite white. I talked still faster and louder. And the sound, too, became louder. It was a quick, low, soft sound, like the sound of a clock heard through a wall, a sound I knew well. Louder it became, and louder.
Prying eyes had become a nuisance along the Old Road, and so I undertook to receive my most curious deliveries by way of marine shipments. A sheltered jetty was accessible by a narrow stone stair off the back of the manor, and a discreet system of pulleys could hoist even the heaviest prizes up the rock face from a securely tied dinghy below.
There are two kinds of fibers in our muscles, red and white. When an athlete trains for long distance running, he or she builds more red muscle fibers than white muscle fibers in his calf muscles. A sprinter has more white muscles. If you retrain a marathon runner to be a sprinter, most of the muscle fibers will convert to white muscles.
It's all wrong. By rights we shouldn't even be here. But we are. It's like in the great stories, Mr. Frodo. The ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger they were, and sometimes you didn't want to know the end. Because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad happened? But in the end, it's only a passing thing, this shadow. Even darkness must pass. A new day will come.
Witness Mr. Henry Bemis, a charter member in the fraternity of dreamers. A bookish little man whose passion is the printed page, but who is conspired against by a bank president and a wife and a world full of tongue-cluckers and the unrelenting hands of a clock. But in just a moment, Mr. Bemis will enter a world without bank presidents or wives or clocks or anything else. He'll have a world all to himself, without anyone.
After I finish, it's like the part of me that can't fall asleep, the part that's staring at the cracks on the ceiling, wondering and worrying, is emptied in the diary for the night. During the day I fill back up and the pages wait. I like to think you're holding my thoughts for me until I can tend to them again.
So no one told you life was gonna be this way. Your job's a joke, you're broke, your love life's DOA. Seems like you're always stuck in second gear, when it hasn't been your day, your week, your month, or even your year. I'll be there for you when the rain starts to pour. I'll be there for you like I've been there before. I'll be there for you 'cause you're there for me too.
I didn't know she had a pony. How was I to know she had a pony? Who figures an immigrant's going to have a pony? Do you know what the odds are on that? I mean, in all the pictures I saw of immigrants on boats coming into New York harbor, I never saw one of them sitting on a pony. Why would anybody come here if they had a pony? Who leaves a country packed with ponies to come to a non-pony country? It doesn't make sense. Am I wrong?
The silver trump of freedom had roused my soul to eternal wakefulness. Freedom now appeared, to disappear no more forever. It was heard in every sound, and seen in every thing. It was ever present to torment me with a sense of my wretched condition. I saw nothing without seeing it, I heard nothing without hearing it, and felt nothing without feeling it. It looked in every star, it smiled in every calm, breathed in every wind, and moved in every storm.
If you've never programmed a computer, you should. There's nothing like it in the whole world. When you program a computer, it does exactly what you tell it to do. It's like designing a machine - any machine, like a car, like a faucet, like a gas-hinge for a door - using math and instructions. It's awesome in the truest sense: it can fill you with awe.
I got a letter from somebody here a while back, and they said, 'Bob, everything in your world seems to be happy.' That's for sure. That's why I paint. It's because I can create the kind of world that I want, and I can make this world as happy as I want it. Shoot, if you want bad stuff, watch the news.
She did not tell them to clean up their lives, or go and sin no more. She did not tell them they were the blessed of the earth, its inheriting meek, or its glory-bound pure. She told them that the only grace they could have is the grace they could imagine. That if they could not see it, they could not have it.
There should be a statute of limitation on grief. A rulebook that says it is all right to wake up crying, but only for a month. That after 42 days you will no longer turn with your heart racing, certain you have heard her call out your name. That there will be no fine imposed if you feel the need to clean out her desk; take down her artwork from the refrigerator; turn over a school portrait as you pass - if only because it cuts you fresh again to see it. That it's okay to measure the time she has been gone, the way we once measured her birthdays.
Uh, no, there's more. One time I accidentally drank an entire bottle of vinegar. I thought it was terrible wine. Once, I went out with a guy who wore 3D glasses the entire evening. Oh, one time I rode in a sidecar on a guy's motorcycle, and the sidecar detached and went down a flight of stairs. Another time I went to a really boring movie with a guy, and while I was asleep he tried to pull out one of my teeth. I literally woke up with his hand in my mouth. We went out a couple times after that but then he got weird.
What an astonishing thing a book is. It's a flat object made from a tree with flexible parts on which are imprinted lots of funny dark squiggles. But one glance at it and you're inside the mind of another person, maybe somebody dead for thousands of years. Across the millennia, an author is speaking clearly and silently inside your head, directly to you. Writing is perhaps the greatest of human inventions, binding together people who never knew each other, citizens of distant epochs. Books break the shackles of time. A book is proof that humans are capable of working magic.
Let's say life is this square of the sidewalk. We're born at this crack and we die at that crack. Now we find ourselves somewhere inside the square, and in the process of walking out of it, suddenly we realize our time in here is fleeting. Is our quick experience here pointless? Does anything we say or do in here really matter? Have we done anything important? Have we been happy? Have we made the most of these precious footsteps?
"I believe," he said, speaking more slowly now, "that there is a whole world of sound about us all the time that we cannot hear. It is possible that up there in those high-pitched inaudible regions there is a new exciting music being made, with subtle harmonies and fierce grinding discords, a music so powerful that it would drive us mad if only our ears were tuned to hear the sound of it."
I was just a child when the stars fell from the skies, but I remember how they built a cannon to destroy them, and in turn how that cannon brought war upon us. War was an abstract idea, nothing more than a show on TV. As a child I only saw it as something that happened in some far away land - until that final day of summer.
These men, who brought me here today, do not fear me. They brought me here today because they fear you and because they know that my voice, the voice that refuses to be enslaved, once lived in you. And may yet still. They brought me here today to show you death and use it to frighten you into ignoring that voice. But know this. We are many. They are a few. To face death is a choice. And they can't hang us all.
I can't have a baby with you, because I already have a baby and his name is Fitzgerald Grant. And my baby is troubled, and angry, and exhausting, and brilliant, and he might actually change the world if I can keep my eyes on him every minute and make sure he eats his vegetables. And so I don't have the time or the energy or the extra space in my soul for another baby, James. I'm sorry, I don't. I can't. I don't have it in me to take care of someone else, because I'm busy taking care of the United States of America.
If you are able to step out of your own skin and view your body as in a dream, you see some pretty eye-opening things about yourself. People say that they can do that all the time, but they can't. One usually goes their entire life oblivious to what they are, and that's fine. But in my circumstance, I had the very rare occasion to see myself from the outside looking in.
The more Adams thought about the future of his country, the more convinced he became that it rested on education. Before any great things are accomplished, he wrote to a correspondent, a memorable change must be made in the system of education and knowledge must become so general as to raise the lower ranks of society nearer to the higher. The education of a nation instead of being confined to a few schools and universities for the instruction of the few, must become the national care and expense for the formation of the many.
My name is Walter Hartwell White. I live at 308 Negra Arroyo Lane, Albuquerque, New Mexico, 87104. To all law enforcement entities, this is not an admission of guilt. I am speaking to my family now. Skyler, you are the love of my life. I hope you know that. Walter Jr., you're my big man. There are going to be some things that you'll come to learn about me in the next few days. But just know that no matter how it may look, I only had you in my heart. Goodbye.
I'd discovered, after a lot of extreme apprehension about what spoons to use, that if you do something incorrect at table with a certain arrogance, as if you knew perfectly well you were doing it properly, you can get away with it and nobody will think you are bad-mannered or poorly brought up. They will think you are original and very witty.
Come, sweetheart mine, don't sit and pine. Tell me of the cares that make you feel so blue. What have I done, answer me, hon. Have I ever said an unkind word to you? My love is true, and just for you, I'd do almost anything at any time. Dear, when you sigh, or when you cry, something seems to grip this very heart of mine.
Living close to the ground is seventh heaven 'cause there are angels all around. Among my frivolous thoughts, I believe there are beautiful things seen by the astronauts. The indications reveal that few of us realize life is quite surreal. So if you're dying to see, I guarantee there are angels around your vicinity.
We may never know who killed Paige. But this isn't about you not going to jail for Paige's murder, this is about you not living a lie. Not hiding. This is about you standing up and being who you are. That's honorable, that's brave, that's heroic, and that's who you are, Sully. You're a hero. You fought a war and you were braver than I can ever imagine being. This is just another war - for every gay person who ever wore a uniform. Be brave now.
The sea was angry that day, my friends - like an old man trying to send back soup in a deli. I got about fifty feet out and suddenly the great beast appeared before me. I tell you he was ten stories high if he was a foot. As if sensing my presence, he let out a great bellow. I said, "Easy, big fella!" And then, as I watched him struggling, I realized that something was obstructing its breathing. From where I was standing, I could see directly into the eye of the great fish.
You like boats but not the ocean. You go to a lake in the summer with your family up in the mountains. There's a long wooden dock and a boathouse with boards missing from the roof and a place you used to crawl underneath to be alone. You're a sucker for French poetry and rhinestones. You're very generous. You're kind to strangers and children and when you stand in the snow you look like an angel.
If you're reading this, you've gotten out. And if you've come this far, maybe you're willing to come a little further. You remember the name of the town, don't you? I could use a good man to help me get my project on wheels. I'll keep an eye out for you and the chessboard ready. Remember, Red, hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies. I will be hoping that this letter finds you, and finds you well.
Skilled readers move their eyes selectively, yet unconsciously. The visual cues are of paramount importance. Readers might use their predictions to guide their visual inspection of the text. They might skip, skim, or pore over individual letters only as needed to confirm or correct their expectations as to its message. The eyes of the reader do not move smoothly across the letters, words, and phrases of a text while reading. Instead, they leapfrog through the text, alternately pausing on a word and jumping quickly to another.
When you don't know that you're wrong, or just how wrong you are. My feet are always heavy, as I inch toward the door. I thought we'd leave us for ourselves, a hundred times before, but I guess we're always leaving, even when we look the same. And it eases me somehow to know that even this will change. If you've got some light in you, then go before it's gone - burn your fire for no witness, it's the only way it's done.
Censorship is the tool of those who have the need to hide actualities from themselves and from others. Their fear is only their inability to face what is real, and I can't vent any anger against them; I only feel this appalling sadness. Somewhere in their upbringing, they were shielded against the total facts of our existence.
Sorrow hides well in your shell. A fellow man with hurt to spare. Dear one, here I am to share the fear. An act of kindness, without an amen. How's the heart, underneath the silence? How's the heart, drowning in the mire? Let us sound a human paean. Come in, the fire's warm. Burn the rope and dance some more.
My face, body, lifestyle. I chose every aspect of myself with my own will. I don't want to be ordered around by anyone anymore, and I have no need for a past. I've got dreams to fulfill, money to earn, love to find, and success to achieve. They may be foolishly simplistic desires for some, but to me, working towards them bit by bit is how I build my confidence.
Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very fast. People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people from point B are so keen to get there, and what's so great about point B that so many people from point A are so keen to get there. They often wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell they wanted to be.
I survived a dreadful accident in the car crash of the century. My shattered hopes collapsed on cold cement, but in the back of the ambulance, I'd never felt so content. A high speed collision gave a new sense of sight to me, and now my vision can render the scene, a blurry image of wreckage and roadside debris. Happiness returned to me through a grave emergency.
