Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armor yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you.
Everything happens for a reason. The system will be assessing your reaction to the painful premature termination of a treasured relationship, and will adjust and improve its profile of your eventual chosen one accordingly.
He had succeeded in removing the outer boards and part of the packing, which was a layer of dry ice, when from the depths of the packing case he suddenly heard a faint "Ork." His heart stood still.
Growing up to be a mommy is one of the most wonderful things a little girl can want to do but there are other things in life she can do as well. For instance, she can work her head off and show all those arrogant boys that she's just as capable and intelligent and creative as any little stud around!
Sleep well... me? Uh... I still have a handful of things on my to-do list, but I'll call it a night once they are done.
Shakedown nineteen seven nine, cool kids never have the time. On a live wire right up off the street you and I should meet. Junebug skippin' like a stone with the headlights pointed at the dawn. We were sure we'd never see an end to it all.
The wonders of life and the universe are mere reflections of microscopic particles engaged in a pointless dance fully choreographed by the laws of physics.
God put me on this earth to accomplish a certain number of things. Right now I am so far behind that I will never die.
I open up the paper. There's a story of an actor who had died while he was drinking. He was no one I had heard of. And I'm turning to the horoscope and looking for the funnies when I'm feeling someone watching me.
When we played our charade, we were like children posing. Playing at games, acting out names, guessing the parts we played.
You could never convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising him limitless bananas after death in monkey heaven.
The spot where we intend to fight must not be made known; for then the enemy will have to prepare against a possible attack at several different points.
Even the best fall down sometimes. Even the stars refuse to shine. Out of the back you fall in time, you somehow find, you and I collide.
You're being naive, Nancy. Those people, they're not wired like me and you, okay? They don't spend their lives trying to get a look at what's behind the curtain. They like the curtain. It provides them stability, comfort, definition.
I drive when it rains; at night when it rains, I drive. And the headlight spirits, they lead me down the Styx - so black it shines.
Seeing someone lose it like that. You know, it reminded me of how I feel sometimes. Like I'm on the verge of just blowing up. All the stress and pressure and anxiety just bubbling up. But I'm never able to let it out like that. You know, I just keep it inside.
Yet high over the city our line of yellow windows must have contributed their share of human secrecy to the casual watcher in the darkening streets, and I was him too, looking up and wondering. I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.
These college kids out here - they're never gonna get old or out of shape 'cause new ones come along every year. And they're gonna keep calling us 'Cutters'. To them, it's just a dirty word. To me, it's just somethin' else I never got a chance to be.
Very often research which has deeply interested me while I was investigating it loses its interest for me just after I have the solution, unhappily at a time which coincides with the period when I have to record it. After a while, say a couple of months, I come to a more just appreciation of it.
What a lamentable thing it is that men should blame the gods and regard us as the source of their troubles, when it is their own transgressions which bring them suffering that was not their destiny.
The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.
If only all the contradictory voices shouting inside my head would calm down and sing a song in unison, whatever it was I wouldn't care as long as they sang without dissonance.
I can't kill you, but I can stop your blade. And I'll do it over and over again, until... we understand each other. OK?
The violent passion that soaked his heart brought him almost to the verge of collapse. He judged that victory had yielded him nothing if it had not given him her as a prize.
I get to thinking of all the things you said. You gave a promise to me, and I gave mine to you. I need someone beside me in everything I do.
They say you know nothing at eighteen. But there are things you know at eighteen that you will never know again.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking.
I wish that you were here with me. Well then there's hope yet. I can see your face in our secret place. You're not just a memory.
All things will be produced in superior quantity and quality, and with greater ease, when each man works at a single occupation, in accordance with his natural gifts, and at the right moment, without meddling with anything else.
I'll keep searching deep within my soul for all the answers. Don't wanna hurt no more. I need peace, gotta feel at ease. Need to be free from pain, going insane. My heart aches, yeah.
There are all sorts of dream interpretations, Freud's being the most notorious, but I have always believed they served a simple eliminatory function, and not much more - that dreams are the psyche's way of taking a good dump every now and then.
So, you have a different way of doing things, a different way of seeing things. That might make you weird, but it also makes you awesome. Don't you see? Because us weirdos have to stick together.
You want praise from people who kick themselves every fifteen minutes, the approval of people who despise themselves.
It makes no difference, it don't make any difference to me what a man does for a living, you understand. But your business is a little dangerous.
You're the one that told me I could swing by any evening, and so I stayed. I figured I'd be heading out the door over the weekend, but I could be swayed. In our own little shack, I like the ring of that.
You know, you go to thrift shops and you go to garage sales because you think you're going to find something that's, you know, real rare. And most of the time, it's a total waste of time, but once in a while, you'll, you'll come up with something that'll whet your appetite.
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
The Inca believed that if one did not give thanks and obedience to the gods, bad things would happen. The world of the Andes Mountains is full of ecological wonders - and ecological disasters such as earthquakes, severe storms, and volcanic activity.
I know more about the private lives of celebrities than I do about any governmental policy that will actually affect me. I'm interested in things that are none of my business, and I'm bored by things that are important to know.
When you're falling in a forest and there's nobody around, do you ever really crash, or even make a sound?
Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic. Capable of both inflicting injury, and remedying it.
Patience, he thought. So much of this was patience - waiting, and thinking and doing things right. So much of all this, so much of all living was patience and thinking.
How can I make him understand that he did not create me? He makes the same mistake as the others when they look at a feeble-minded person and laugh because they don't understand there are human feelings involved.
I have been taking care of it! I already got Big Red to cut me the lumber in exchange for a pair of fur-lined boots. I got my friend Pete to make the boots, but only because I promised him a new set of teeth. And as you probably know, teeth don't come cheap! Now, that's where you come in.
I'm so glad you came, I'm so glad you remembered, the walking through walls in the heart of December. The blindness of happiness, of falling down laughing, and I really believed that this time was forever.
It's the weather. When it gets damp and cold people get depressed, irritable and unpleasant. In the winter, Scandinavia has more lunatics per capita than any other country in the world.
I find it wholesome to be alone the greater part of the time. To be in company, even with the best, is soon wearisome and dissipating. I love to be alone. I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
My spirit's made up of the ocean, and the sky, and the sun, and the moon, and all my eyes can see. I cannot go back to your land of gloom, where black jagged shadows remind me of the coming of your doom. I want my own land.
The difference between the almost right word and the right word is really a large matter - 'tis the difference between the lightning-bug and the lightning.
The highlander seemed to float through life very much the same as a cloud in an empty sky, touching nothing, leaving no trace of his passing.
There is an art to flying, or rather a knack. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
We are all like fireworks. We climb, shine and always go our separate ways and become further apart. But even if that time comes, let's not disappear like a firework, and continue to shine... forever.
He put his hands in his coat pockets and turned back eagerly to his scrutiny of the house, as though my presence marred the sacredness of the vigil. So I walked away and left him standing there in the moonlight - watching over nothing.
Here we go, another night out. Waited all week just to get out. Where do we come from? Do I know your name? Doesn't really matter; in this life we're all the same. Move for me, I'll move for you.
I'm sorry, Eren. I won't give up. I'll never give up again. If I died, I won't be able to remember you. So I'll win, no matter what! I'll survive, no matter what!
Time, dear friend, time brings round opportunity; opportunity is the martingale of man. The more we have ventured the more we gain, when we know how to wait.
We pillage, we plunder, we rifle and loot. Drink up me 'earties yo ho! We kidnap and ravage and don't give a hoot. Drink up me 'earties yo ho! Yo ho, yo ho a pirate's life for me. We extort, we pilfer, we filch and sack...
"If only I had… If only I had…" If you ever have that thought ricocheting in your brain, it will hurt. A lot.
Love is a command, not just a feeling. Somehow, in the romantic world of music and theater we have made love to be what it is not. We have so mixed it with beauty and charm and sensuality and contact that we have robbed it of its higher call of cherishing and nurturing.
Droll thing life is - that mysterious arrangement of merciless logic for a futile purpose. The most you can hope from it is some knowledge of yourself - that comes too late - a crop of inextinguishable regrets.
One ring to rule them all, one ring to find them, one ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them.
I still want to smack him. Or remind him that the last transfer we had from Abnegation, who is sitting right next to him, managed to knock out some of his teeth, so who knows what this next one will do.
I appreciate but can't accept this thank you note that's sealed with your last breath, and I won't stand aside and listen to you give up.
Wealth can be very empty when you don't have someone to share it with. But by the time I realized that, no one would have me except men who wanted my money more than I did.
All this time we wait on this shallow line for a martyr to save our lives when you can't. A warning sign, a lack in reaction time, mixed with a war to fight keeps us here. The tide is in. It's time we all learn to swim. These rooftops won't save our lives and nor did you. Everything's all right.
Reading books doesn't make you smarter. Reading smart books makes you smarter. Reading dumb books makes you dumber.
You'll look up and down streets. Look 'em over with care. About some you will say, "I don't choose to go there." With your head full of brains and your shoes full of feet, you're too smart to go down any not-so-good street.
I'll miss the sea, but a person needs new experiences. They jar something deep inside, allowing him to grow. Without change something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken.
We're going to get older, whether we like it or not, so the only question is whether we get on with our lives or desperately cling to the past.
Sometimes it's the very people who no one imagines anything of who do the things that no one can imagine.
Now and again we try to just stay alive, maybe we'll turn it all around 'cause it's not too late. It's never too late.
In your policy, it states quite clearly that no claim you make will be paid. You see, you unfortunately plumped for our never-pay policy which, you know, if you never claim, is very worthwhile.
For there is no folly of the beast of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men.
Peter Bailey was not a businessman. That's what killed him. Oh, I don't mean any disrespect to him, God rest his soul. He was a man of high ideals. So called. But ideals without common sense can ruin this town.
I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses. I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, and even put a stopper in death. However it seems some of you have come to class to not PAY attention.
The crew's banner is a sacred thing. It must simultaneously strike fear in the hearts of hardened men while inspiring and unifying all those who sail under it. It must be something approaching perfection.
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now.
After living with you for the last six months, I'm turning into one of your scripts. Well, this is not a script, Diana. There's some real, actual life going on here.
Soon I'll be sixty years old, my daddy got sixty-one. Remember life and then your life becomes a better one. I made a man so happy when I wrote a letter once. I hope my children come and visit, once or twice a month.
There will be no more retribution, so you better not waste your time. I don't miss your arms around me. I put my hands in the fire when it burned me once, I don't need it for a second time.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the present.
Music finds a comfortable parallel with that of human language. Much as language has words, sentences, and stories, music has tones, melodies, and songs.
There before me was a woman who had finally, after all this time, made it to the start line, at the absolute worst moment imaginable. It was truly a tragic sight of a truly hopeless girl who had just begun her first love when it was far too late.
Harvey and I sit in the bars... have a drink or two... play the jukebox. And soon the faces of all the other people they turn toward mine and they smile. And they're saying, "We don't know your name, mister, but you're a very nice fella."
Remember, remember, the Fifth of November, the Gunpowder Treason and Plot. I know of no reason why the Gunpowder Treason should ever be forgot.
You gotta see it to believe it, the sky never looked so blue it's so hard to leave it, but that's what I always do. So I keep thinking back to a time under the canyon moon.
Take time to really think about your excuses and write them down. These are the same excuses that you always use to stop yourself from learning something new.
I confess that Fermat's Theorem as an isolated proposition has very little interest for me, because I could easily lay down a multitude of such propositions, which one could neither prove nor dispose of.
I wanted to save you because you're you. I didn't want you to leave, because you're you. I can't find another reason. I don't need another reason to save you.
Scratch the surface of any champion in any individual sport, and you're often going to find an obsessive misfit who's deficient in many parts of his life because he devotes eight hours a day to it.
At three in the morning the blood runs slow and thick, and slumber is heavy. The soul either sleeps in blessed ignorance of such an hour or gazes about itself in utter despair. There is no middle ground.
These mist-covered mountains are a home now for me, but my home is the lowlands and always will be. Someday you'll return to your valleys and your farms and you'll no longer burn to be brothers in arms.
A process cannot be understood by stopping it. Understanding must move with the flow of the process, must join it and flow with it.
Progress comes from finding better ways to do things. Do not be afraid of innovation. Do not be afraid of ideas that are not your own.
Well, we used to look up in the sky and wonder at our place in the stars. Now we just look down and worry about our place in the dirt.
I'm so happy because today I've found my friends. They're in my head. I'm so ugly, but that's okay, 'cause so are you. We broke our mirrors. Sunday morning is everyday for all I care and I'm not scared. Light my candles in a daze 'cause I've found God.
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain.
A magician is strong because he feels pain. He feels the difference between what the world is and what he would make of it. Or what did you think that stuff in your chest was? A magician is strong because he hurts more than others. His wound is his strength.
Our files show that the Smuggler is whacked-out paranoid. Watch for booby traps. And the latest news: your brother's team hit some resistance, so they're going to be delayed while we bring in chopper support.
Take one moment to escape, it will change your mood when you're walking on the moon. Chase your happy place, it will change your groove when you're dancing on the moon. When we dance again, all our troubles seem to fade away. This is how I feel when you take me to some levels that I've never been.
