You tell me exactly what you want, and I will very carefully explain to you why it cannot be.
I've decided to make myself strong. As far as I can tell, that's all I can do.
A leaf fluttered in through the window, as if supported by the rays of the sun.
Finally! A worthy opponent! Our battle will be legendary!
Life is a comedy for those who think and a tragedy for those who feel.
It is a good life we lead, brother. The best. May it never change. And may it never change us.
Just because you have the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have.
We're the only species in the known universe that knows it's in a universe.
What was I thinking? I was thinking, uh... Love is strange, and I was thinking about a sandwich.
I don't care if you're movin' slow or fast, as long as it's my direction.
We all have the same swords out there, we all have the same guns. But great art has felled empires.
If you want a happy ending, that depends, of course, on where you stop your story.
Anyone can speak Troll. All you have to do is point and grunt.
Rest assured that I was on the internet within minutes registering my disgust throughout the world.
The only one who can tell you "you can't" is you. And you don't have to listen.
The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia.
I've never felt this healthy before. I've never wanted something rational.
He was swimming in a sea of other people's expectations. Men had drowned in seas like that.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
I mean, it's sort of exciting, isn't it, breaking the rules?
My fist is going to stop you, if you don't stop spouting nonsense and take this seriously.
Sometimes, when I get bored, I create people in my head.
If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?
You'd think at a certain point all these atypical somethings would amount to a typical something.
You forget what you want to remember and you remember what you want to forget.
And now, Harry, let us step out into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.
Time... Line? Time isn't made out of lines. It is made out of circles. That is why clocks are round.
My momma always said, "Life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get."
You can't force someone to love you. The best you can do is strive to be someone worthy of loving.
It's like ten thousand spoons when all you need is a knife.
Dude... where's your suit? Just once, when I say "suit up" I wish you'd put on a suit.
Life seems to go on without effort when I am filled with music.
If I'm around you, I don't think I'll ever be bored.
Why, you stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf herder!
I have not failed. I've just found ten thousand ways that won't work.
There are 10 kinds of people in this world; those who understand binary, and those who don't.
It's kind of hard to ask a dead guy what he did wrong.
There's no shame in falling down! True shame is to not stand up again!
In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice there is.
Drink up. The world's about to end.
Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.
It's okay to be a loser, it just depends on how good you are at being one.
Don't tell people your plans. Show them your results.
He's smart. He's angry. Put those two things together, you stay out of the way.
I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer.
Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane.
Nice watch. Too bad you won't be able to tell the time after I break it. Break your face, that is.
Because there is a law such as gravity, the universe can and will create itself from nothing.
I've been having these weird thoughts lately - like is any of this for real, or not?
It is nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice.
Do the gods light this fire in our hearts or does each man's mad desire become his god?
Your memory is the glue that binds your life together.
You can't get back what you've lost, what's important now is what it is that you still have.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
There must be quite a few things a hot bath won't cure, but I don't know many of them.
No one really knows why they're alive until they know what they'd die for.
Stop blowing holes in my ship!
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.
I think you need something. And if you want to call it a friend, you can call it a friend.
You have to keep your mind as wide-open as your eyes, because almost nothing is what it seems.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
No one knows what the future holds. That's why its potential is infinite.
I've realized that I'm probably just perfect and it's everybody else around me that's got issues.
A wise person once said that you can never lose what you never had. But you can go into debt.
Oh, my life is changing every day in every possible way.
You don't remember what happened. What you remember becomes what happened.
"I wonder what Piglet is doing," thought Pooh. "I wish I were there to be doing it, too."
The caterpillar ate through one nice green leaf, and after that he felt much better.
It's easy not to abuse your power when you don't actually have any power.
Don't you ever cross that bridge in your mind again. It's like a movie screen.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
The distinguishing mark of man is the hand, the instrument with which he does all his mischief.
We lived on farms, then we lived in cities, and now we're going to live on the internet!
I'll be fine. I'll be waiting patiently till you see the signs and come running to my open arms.
There is nothing sweeter in this sad world than the sound of someone you love calling your name.
Our job is to find truth, no matter how painful it may be.
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
I just want to lie on the beach and eat hot dogs. That's all I've ever wanted.
No! The sun is a deadly laser. Not anymore, there's a blanket.
It was the best of times, it was the blurst of times.
It's only once you've stopped that you realize how hard it is to start again.
Where do you think you're going? Because I don't think you're going where you think you're going.
The music is not in the notes, but in the silence in between.
Existence is chaos. Nothing makes any sense, so we try to make some sense of it.
Death is what gives life meaning. To know your days are numbered. Your time is short.
I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone.
I'm going to do this right, show you I'm not movin'! Wherever you go, I won't be far to follow.
If there ever comes a day when we can't be together, keep me in your heart, I'll stay there forever.
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.
The heaviest penalty for declining to rule is to be ruled by someone inferior to yourself.
You never know what a day will bring, which is both the good news and the bad news of life.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Dreams make good stories, but everything important happens when we're awake.
Is there a problem with Earth's gravitational pull in the future? Why is everything so heavy?
To be able to say how much you love is to love but little.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
And now my bitter hands cradle broken glass of what was everything.
